I was gay YouTube is Ricky Rose coming
out to put in a badge video the bad
you're going to be doing today is shot
creator in order to get the badge there
are three different type of jump shots
that you can do in order to get the
badge to get the bad you have to do
either a hob jumper a step-back jumper
or a spin jumper I'm going to show you
how to do all three of these in order to
get the shop creator badge it's not that
hard some of them require you to
actually use the analog so the first one
is the hob jumper you must be running at
a diagonal speed diagonally towards the
banks lon and you simply tap square just
tap square I understand some people play
with the analog it does work but you
know just for the bad I suggest you just
do it like this you can just tap square
oh I don't know if you have to be
running I don't think you do but it
works either way the next jumper that
you have to do is to step back and this
is the one that i'ma show you next to
step back this one is the one they have
to do with the analog is hard to do with
the square button I've tried it several
times and I just never it's not
consistent but for this one you also
have to be running diagonally toward the
baseline when you do that you must
either be going right or left you have
to push the right analog to that
direction so if you're running the left
you have to push it to the left if
you're running right you must hold it to
the right sometimes you get a different
animation is not always consistent so
just bear with me most likely you
another jumper that you can do that will
help you get the bags this one I didn't
actually put in the video because I
forgot about it but this one does count
towards the badge you can do a spin
jumper a lot of people do it already
it's not hard to do all you have to do
is be running in any direction and just
double tap square when you do that it
will take them to the animation and you
must shoot the bull so when you double
trap it hold the square button and
you'll shoot the ball then last but not
least is the pull-up jumper this is
actually one of the easiest one all you
have to do be running towards the bad
the wild and turbo and press square hold
it to shoot the ball it will take you
into that animation when you do that
leaning shark dribble pull-up I do not
know if that counts towards it if that
doesn't look like a pull-up at all it
look like off-balance shot but you must
just be running straight from the bad
guys suggest you go from the middle just
like that just keep running up and down
until you actually get the bag it's not
that to get the badge all you have to do
is take 200 shots including any of these
four you can get the badge if you want
to shoot all pull-ups or spin jumpers
feel free if you want to do half and
half but it doesn't matter you can take
turns on what jump shot you want to use
dumb including those for it has to be
both for you take 200 you do not have to
make the shot this badge is received you
just attempt once again you do not have
to make the shots if you want to take
you know all spin jumpers or hop jumpers
you can do that there's no limitations
on which ones you have to do there isn't
you have to do hundred these 100 of
these know you can do it to your liking
if you want to shoot all pull-ups feel
free to do so you will still get the
badge guaranteed honestly speaking you
get the badge in less than five games if
you're really determined together you
can use any type of jump shot you want
you can go to the settings and put it to
your liking if you want you can go to
your MBA animations or your signature
styles which ever allow you to customize
your you step back the hot jumper and
you can put it to your liking it doesn't
have to be exactly mines it can be it
could be to your advantage you know you
can pick whichever one you like and then
go ahead and start going towards the
badge remember is Ricky Rose please
leave a like subscribe and leave a
comment on with it the I hope you get
the badge enough thank you